In this exercise, we're setting up a NAT gateway and private subnet.
We can find our NAT gateways in VPC.
We look at our NAT gateway that is built.
The routing table should have the NAT gateway as the target.
So once we create a NAT gateway,
we will then want to use and include that NAT gateway within a routing table.
So we can see we have a NAT gateway here in our new VPC.
What we'll want to do is look at our routing tables.
We can see that in our routing table that we set up, we have,
again as we saw in other exercises,
that we've got a local route,
and then we've got the default or the 0.0.0/0 route within our route table,
this time we're pointing at the NAT gateway that we just took a look at.
Once you've got the route table set up,
then it's a matter of looking at our subnets and
having the subnets also set up to use this route table.
So we have a subnet here for this exercise.
Within the subnet view,
we can look at the route table again to see that
we're pointing at the route table we just looked at,
and now anything within this subnet we'll use obviously this route table.
This route table has a default route going through our NAT gateway